Wikitube.io

The MVP will have 24,000 (C.R.E.A.T.E.) Wikipedia articles and a functional C.R.E.A.T.E.R. page for students, volunteers, interns and community service workers to log time learning and rating videos. This same community can also log time validating multiple choice questions or curating time coded hyperlinked transcripts.


Wikitube.io will have explanatory video and links to interesting and/or recently updated articles. Each mode will have one time overlays illustrating or highlighting features for first time users.


This application is a database and web driven application with a requirement for robust error handling. The design below is optimized for iPad to illustrate features. As we approach MVP a responsive mobile design will be planned.
--------------------------------------------------------------
Common Features - All Modes:

Header


Wikitube logo - leads to Player mode with Welcome / About Us Video

"Search Wikitube" - Returns different search result types depending on mode

User icon indicating logged-in state

Authentication button - Google

Donate button - We can find a non profit to work as fiscal agent


Footer


C.R.E.A.T.E.R. button - Links to “Get Involved” signup page (not pictured)

Course Maker button - Links to “Pay” page (not pictured)

Labs button (not pictured)

Modes
The Directory - Direct copy of Wikipedia with [+][-] controls that reveal DB and Web return objects.

The Player - Plays videos with a time coded multilingual transcript.

Transcript Editor - Allows admins to edit and improve transcript text and links.

C.R.E.A.T.E.R. - Users log time watching, selecting and rating videos from the C.R.E.A.T.E. course.

Course Maker - Paid feature for creating custom courses.

Common Behaviors - All Modes

WikiLinks open in the Directory wikitube.io/wiki/article_name 

Video Thumbs open in the Player  wikutube.io/tube/video_id 

Microsims open in the Microsim Editor (not pictured) www.wikitube.io/microsim


The Directory



Wikipedia-style article display. Ideally using the same data and CSS as wikipedia

Search returns Wikitube.io/wiki/ results similar to Wikipedia

Language selector (EN, Indian Constitutional Languages)

Expandable video lists ([+]/[-] controls) next to links

Horizontal scrolling thumbnail carousel with 25 thumbnails + descriptions when expanded

Multiple-choice questions related to article_name

The Player




CSS should be as similar to Youtube as we can muster

Fully featured video transport (timeline, speed, full screen, etc.)  

Time coded hyperlinked transcript displays text, links, images or animations

Blank placeholder thumbnails on link hover, indicate Directory source

Two language controls adjust transcript and wikitext independently

Transcript Editor Button (see: Transcript Editor for functionality)

"Next Up" function appearing in the last 15 seconds of the video

Video Blob description etc.

Share button includes deep link sharing

Collapsable Wikidata div shows the key Wikipedia article (associated with the video)

Chatbot interface with multiple-choice questions related to video_id or key wiki article

Transcript Editor

WYSIWYG editor for transcript segments

Time input fields for each segment

User name input for each segment

Add/remove segment

Hyperlinking functionality Wikitube.io articles or database objects

Save changes option

Cancel (x)


C.R.E.A.T.E.R.

"Go!" and "Repeat?" buttons initialize and refresh searches

Category progress bars (Computation, Robotics, Energy, Audio, Television, Engineering, Random) show user’s progress through each course topic

Concatenated search term yielding the vertical result carousel (not pictured)

Vertical result carousel with 25 video thumbnails

Swipe actions for adding/deleting videos (left: add, right: delete) - draggable

"Open in Player" button for each thumbnail (not pictured)

Course Maker

Course creation interface

Input for course name

Input for Wikipedia articles with regex validation

Display of added articles (max 12, visually indicated)

List of 5 pre-existing courses for editing/deleting (physics teacher themed)

"Save Course" button

Share course (not pictured)

Charge for course (not pictured)


